a4core/a4core.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
acdc/acdc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
acdpretty/acdpretty.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
acdtable/acdtable.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
acdtrace/acdtrace.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
acdvalid/acdvalid.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
adat/adat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
affxparser/affxparser.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
affyio/affyio.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
aligncopy/aligncopy.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
aligncopypair/aligncopypair.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ammodels/ammodels.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
analysispageserver/analysispageserver.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
annotationhubdata/annotationhubdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
apache_taverna/apache_taverna.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
aptacluster/aptacluster.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
arion_4_omics/arion_4_omics.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
aspasia/aspasia.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
babelomics/babelomics.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bam2fastq/bam2fastq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bam2roi/bam2roi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bamhash/bamhash.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bamtools/bamtools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bamutil/bamutil.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
base/base.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bdbm/bdbm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
beadarray/beadarray.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
beanmine/beanmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bedgraphtobigwig/bedgraphtobigwig.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bel2abm/bel2abm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bicare/bicare.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biddsat/biddsat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bids_apps/bids_apps.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
binda/binda.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biobase/biobase.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biobroom/biobroom.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biocaddie/biocaddie.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biocatalogue_api/biocatalogue_api.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biocircos.js/biocircos.js.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bioclojure/bioclojure.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bioconductor/bioconductor.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biocontainers/biocontainers.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs/biojs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-annots/biojs-io-annots.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-clustal/biojs-io-clustal.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-fasta/biojs-io-fasta.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-gff/biojs-io-gff.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-graduates/biojs-io-graduates.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-io-sam/biojs-io-sam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-meta-parser/biojs-meta-parser.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biojs-vis-circularnet/biojs-vis-circularnet.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biolabeler/biolabeler.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biomaj/biomaj.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biomart_mart_service/biomart_mart_service.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biomodels_database_converters/biomodels_database_converters.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bionode-fasta/bionode-fasta.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bionode-sra/bionode-sra.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bioperl/bioperl.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biophp/biophp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biopyramid/biopyramid.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biopython/biopython.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bioruby/bioruby.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bioscripts.convert/bioscripts.convert.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biosed/biosed.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biosemantics_suite/biosemantics_suite.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biosmalltalk/biosmalltalk.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
biostrings/biostrings.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
blobtools/blobtools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bms_standards_registry/bms_standards_registry.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
boiler/boiler.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bovinemine/bovinemine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bow/bow.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bpa_data_portal/bpa_data_portal.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bquant/bquant.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
bsgenome/bsgenome.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cachedas/cachedas.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cachedbfetch/cachedbfetch.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cacheebeyesearch/cacheebeyesearch.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cacheensembl/cacheensembl.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cga_tools/cga_tools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
checkmyindex/checkmyindex.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
chemalot/chemalot.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
chemical_identifier_resolver/chemical_identifier_resolver.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
chemspider/chemspider.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
chickpeamine/chickpeamine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
chomine/chomine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
clean_ngs/clean_ngs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
clusteval/clusteval.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
colorgff/colorgff.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
comptox_chemistry_dashboard/comptox_chemistry_dashboard.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
compute_sequence_length/compute_sequence_length.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
convert2annovar/convert2annovar.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
convert/convert.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cornai/cornai.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cowpeamine/cowpeamine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cpm/cpm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
cutseq/cutseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
data_information_system_daisy/data_information_system_daisy.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dataup/dataup.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
davidquery/davidquery.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
david_ws/david_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbbqs/dbbqs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbfetch/dbfetch.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbiblast/dbiblast.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbifasta/dbifasta.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbiflat/dbiflat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbigcg/dbigcg.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbnp/dbnp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbtell/dbtell.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbtoolkit/dbtoolkit.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxcompress/dbxcompress.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxedam/dbxedam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxfasta/dbxfasta.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxflat/dbxflat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxgcg/dbxgcg.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxobo/dbxobo.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxreport/dbxreport.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxresource/dbxresource.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxstat/dbxstat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxtax/dbxtax.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dbxuncompress/dbxuncompress.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
degapseq/degapseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
delayedarray/delayedarray.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
descseq/descseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityagents/diversityagents.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitycollection/diversitycollection.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitycollection/diversitycollection.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitydescriptions/diversitydescriptions.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityexsiccatae/diversityexsiccatae.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitygazetteers/diversitygazetteers.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversity_gis_editor/diversity_gis_editor.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityimageinspector/diversityimageinspector.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitymobile/diversitymobile.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityprojects/diversityprojects.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityreferences/diversityreferences.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitysamplingplots/diversitysamplingplots.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversityscientificterms/diversityscientificterms.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversitytaxonnames/diversitytaxonnames.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
diversity_workbench/diversity_workbench.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dnazip/dnazip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
drget/drget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
drlumi/drlumi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
drtext/drtext.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
drug-target_explorer/drug-target_explorer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
dsrc/dsrc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ea-utils/ea-utils.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
eb-eye/eb-eye.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
efetch_gene/efetch_gene.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
efetch_sequence/efetch_sequence.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
efetch_snp/efetch_snp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
efetch_taxon/efetch_taxon.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
efs/efs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
embossdata/embossdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
embossupdate/embossupdate.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
embossversion/embossversion.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
emma2_ws/emma2_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
encodexplorer/encodexplorer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ensembldb/ensembldb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ensembl_genomes_fungi_data_slicer/ensembl_genomes_fungi_data_slicer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ensembl_genomes_plants_data_slicer/ensembl_genomes_plants_data_slicer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
epivizrdata/epivizrdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
epivizrserver/epivizrserver.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
escape_excel/escape_excel.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
europe_pmc_plus_manuscript_submission_system/europe_pmc_plus_manuscript_submission_system.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
eximir/eximir.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
exomepicks/exomepicks.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
experimenthub/experimenthub.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
export/export.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
extractseq/extractseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fair_data_tools/fair_data_tools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fastaextract/fastaextract.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fasta_to_phylip/fasta_to_phylip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fastool/fastool.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fawmine/fawmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
featmerge/featmerge.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
figsys/figsys.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowbeads/flowbeads.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowbin/flowbin.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowcybar/flowcybar.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flower/flower.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowfit/flowfit.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowfp/flowfp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flowutils/flowutils.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
flymine/flymine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
focal/focal.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
formatomatic/formatomatic.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fqseqname/fqseqname.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
fqseqpair/fqseqpair.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
frogs_biom_to_stdbiom/frogs_biom_to_stdbiom.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
frogs_biom_to_tsv/frogs_biom_to_tsv.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
funtoonorm/funtoonorm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ga4ghclient/ga4ghclient.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ga4ghshiny/ga4ghshiny.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gatb/gatb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gbif_occurrence_ws/gbif_occurrence_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gbif_taxon_ws/gbif_taxon_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdc/gdc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdcrnatools/gdcrnatools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdhc/gdhc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdsfmt/gdsfmt.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_annotate/gdtools_annotate.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_gd2gvf/gdtools_gd2gvf.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_gd2vcf/gdtools_gd2vcf.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_mask/gdtools_mask.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_not-evidence/gdtools_not-evidence.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gdtools_union/gdtools_union.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gell/gell.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genbank2gff3/genbank2gff3.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genbankr/genbankr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genbank_to_gene/genbank_to_gene.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gencompress/gencompress.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genebylocustag/genebylocustag.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genecite/genecite.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gene.e/gene.e.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genelink/genelink.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genepublisher/genepublisher.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gener/gener.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genes2wordcloud/genes2wordcloud.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genes_by_organism/genes_by_organism.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genesmash/genesmash.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genestoryteller/genestoryteller.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genomedata/genomedata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genomeinfodb/genomeinfodb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genomicfeatures/genomicfeatures.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genomicfiles/genomicfiles.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genomicranges/genomicranges.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genominator/genominator.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genozip/genozip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
genscalpel/genscalpel.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
geoquery/geoquery.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
getdistance/getdistance.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gfbio/gfbio.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gigwa/gigwa.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gismo/gismo.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
give/give.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
glycopattern/glycopattern.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gmd/gmd.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gmql/gmql.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gominer_ws/gominer_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
googlegenomics/googlegenomics.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gpmdb_api/gpmdb_api.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
grapemine/grapemine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gro2mat/gro2mat.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
grs/grs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
g-sqz/g-sqz.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
gtz/gtz.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hapzipper/hapzipper.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hdf5array/hdf5array.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hemolytik/hemolytik.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hierarchy_web_services/hierarchy_web_services.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hireadsprocessor/hireadsprocessor.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hml/hml.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hogenom_evoscen/hogenom_evoscen.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hogenom_tree/hogenom_tree.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hopach/hopach.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
htslib/htslib.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
humanmine/humanmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hupho/hupho.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hydra/hydra.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
hymenopteramine/hymenopteramine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
iconvert/iconvert.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
idmappinganalysis/idmappinganalysis.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
immunespacer/immunespacer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
impact_s/impact_s.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
impcdata/impcdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
imsdb/imsdb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
inchi/inchi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
indigomine/indigomine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
infoseq/infoseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
insyght/insyght.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
interelementgff/interelementgff.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
iranges/iranges.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
isa/isa.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
isa_tools/isa_tools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
jflow/jflow.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
j/j.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
jointvetchmine/jointvetchmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
keggparser/keggparser.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
keggtranslator/keggtranslator.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
kic/kic.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
kimod/kimod.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
kipper/kipper.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
kolmogorov/kolmogorov.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ldblock/ldblock.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
legumemine/legumemine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lfastqc/lfastqc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lfqc/lfqc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
libsbml/libsbml.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
liftover/liftover.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
linkagemapview/linkagemapview.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
listinputs/listinputs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
list_ontologies/list_ontologies.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
list_ontologies/list_ontologies.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
listor/listor.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
locustmine/locustmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lordec/lordec.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lupinmine/lupinmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lynx_multi-gene_annotations/lynx_multi-gene_annotations.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
lynx_multi-gene_annotations/lynx_multi-gene_annotations.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
m2lite/m2lite.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mafco/mafco.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
maizemine/maizemine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
makenucseq/makenucseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
makeprotseq/makeprotseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mapredictdsc/mapredictdsc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
marky/marky.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
maskambignuc/maskambignuc.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
maskambigprot/maskambigprot.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
maskseq/maskseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
maspectras/maspectras.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
massytools/massytools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
matter/matter.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mbinfo/mbinfo.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mcrestimate/mcrestimate.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
medicmine/medicmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
menu-builder/menu-builder.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mergetranscriptlists/mergetranscriptlists.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
meshdbi/meshdbi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
metaarray/metaarray.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
metalims/metalims.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
metaomgraph/metaomgraph.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
meta-storms/meta-storms.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
m_ia/m_ia.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
michip/michip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
miriam/miriam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
miriam_ws/miriam_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mirmaid/mirmaid.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mirspring/mirspring.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mkesa/mkesa.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
modifygenomiccoordinates/modifygenomiccoordinates.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
modmine/modmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
molgenis_compute/molgenis_compute.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
molgenis/molgenis.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
molpov/molpov.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mpileup/mpileup.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mrbws/mrbws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
msbar/msbar.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ms-lims/ms-lims.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
msnbase/msnbase.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mvcclass/mvcclass.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mview_ebi/mview_ebi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mygene.info/mygene.info.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
myphylodb/myphylodb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mzid/mzid.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
mzr/mzr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
navikey/navikey.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nbdc_rdf_portal/nbdc_rdf_portal.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ncrnawsdl/ncrnawsdl.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nels/nels.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
netsam/netsam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
neuroelectro/neuroelectro.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
newseq/newseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nif_registry_search/nif_registry_search.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nmf-mgpu/nmf-mgpu.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nohtml/nohtml.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
noreturn/noreturn.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
normalyzer/normalyzer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nospace/nospace.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
notab/notab.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
notseq/notseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
npd_ws/npd_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nthseq/nthseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
nthseqset/nthseqset.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
oakmine/oakmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
odam/odam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
omero-lib/omero-lib.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
online_sbml_validator/online_sbml_validator.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ontoquestmain/ontoquestmain.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ontoquest_ws/ontoquest_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ontoquest_ws/ontoquest_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pager/pager.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pangaea/pangaea.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
parody/parody.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pasteseq/pasteseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
patentin/patentin.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pathbase/pathbase.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pathjam/pathjam.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pbwt/pbwt.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pdbest/pdbest.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pdbinout/pdbinout.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
peak2bed/peak2bed.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
peanutmine/peanutmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pedsys/pedsys.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pesi_ws/pesi_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pgconverter/pgconverter.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pgp/pgp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
phenofun/phenofun.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
phenotator/phenotator.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
phlawd/phlawd.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
phytomine/phytomine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
picard_tools/picard_tools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
picr/picr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pileup2cov/pileup2cov.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pipelinedog/pipelinedog.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
planmine/planmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
plato_plugin_for_autocomplete_on_ontologies/plato_plugin_for_autocomplete_on_ontologies.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pombase_data_slicer/pombase_data_slicer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
preprocesscore/preprocesscore.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
presartools/presartools.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pride_converter/pride_converter.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
prodomcg_evoscen/prodomcg_evoscen.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
prodomcg_tree/prodomcg_tree.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
promisec_endpoint_manager/promisec_endpoint_manager.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
prospect/prospect.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
protag/protag.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
protege/protege.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
proteios/proteios.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
proteomicsannotationhubdata/proteomicsannotationhubdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
psicquic/psicquic.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
psi-mi_validator/psi-mi_validator.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
psi/psi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
psygenet2r/psygenet2r.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
pubmed2ensembl/pubmed2ensembl.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
qmlgalaxyportal/qmlgalaxyportal.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
qrcme/qrcme.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
qseq2fastq/qseq2fastq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
quacrs/quacrs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
quantifly/quantifly.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
quip/quip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
raedb/raedb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ramp/ramp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ratmine/ratmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rbgl/rbgl.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rbiopaxparser/rbiopaxparser.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rdfio/rdfio.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rdml/rdml.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rdmp/rdmp.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
readseq/readseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
redcap/redcap.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
refnet/refnet.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
reformat_snpeff_for_syntview/reformat_snpeff_for_syntview.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
refseqget/refseqget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
regate/regate.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rehr/rehr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
removeexonlines/removeexonlines.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
repetdb/repetdb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
repo/repo.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
restricttranscriptlist/restricttranscriptlist.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
revseq/revseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rgb/rgb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rgraph2js/rgraph2js.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rhdf5lib/rhdf5lib.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rhdf5/rhdf5.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rightfield/rightfield.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_filter/roi_filter.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_metrics/roi_metrics.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_plot_thumbnails/roi_plot_thumbnails.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_report/roi_report.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_sort/roi_sort.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
roi_table/roi_table.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rsbml/rsbml.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rtcgatoolbox/rtcgatoolbox.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
rxnorm/rxnorm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
s2o/s2o.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
samtools_sort/samtools_sort.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sbgr/sbgr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sbo_ws/sbo_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sbo_ws/sbo_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
scaffolder/scaffolder.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sdmdata/sdmdata.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seealso/seealso.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seek_for_science/seek_for_science.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seek/seek.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
segment-liftover/segment-liftover.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
selene/selene.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqcksum/seqcksum.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqcount/seqcount.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqret-ebi/seqret-ebi.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqret/seqret.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqretsetall/seqretsetall.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqretsplit/seqretsplit.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqtk/seqtk.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqtrim/seqtrim.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqtypedetect/seqtypedetect.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
seqxref/seqxref.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
servertell/servertell.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
showdb/showdb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
showserver/showserver.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
shuffleseq/shuffleseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sig2biopax/sig2biopax.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
simap_ws/simap_ws.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sizeseq/sizeseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
skipredundant/skipredundant.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
skipseq/skipseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
snpsift/snpsift.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sortgff/sortgff.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
southgreen/southgreen.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
soymine/soymine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
spang/spang.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sparqlgraph/sparqlgraph.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
splitsource/splitsource.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
splitter/splitter.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
sradb/sradb.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
staden_io_lib/staden_io_lib.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
star-genome-browser/star-genome-browser.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
starr/starr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
streamer/streamer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
strictlyincludegff/strictlyincludegff.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
textget/textget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
textsearch/textsearch.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
tfm/tfm.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
thalemine/thalemine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
the_ark/the_ark.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
tkwidgets/tkwidgets.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
trimseq/trimseq.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
trimspace/trimspace.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
tripal_elasticsearch/tripal_elasticsearch.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
tyna/tyna.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
ugahash/ugahash.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
union/union.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
uniprotr/uniprotr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
urlget/urlget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
variationget/variationget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcf2arlequin/vcf2arlequin.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcf_intersect/vcf_intersect.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcflib/vcflib.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcfr/vcfr.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcf_substract/vcf_substract.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vcfutils/vcfutils.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vectorfriends/vectorfriends.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vectorstrip/vectorstrip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vocs/vocs.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
vsdmip/vsdmip.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
wheatmine/wheatmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
wormmine/wormmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
worms/worms.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
wossname/wossname.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
wsgobiospace/wsgobiospace.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
wsprediction/wsprediction.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
xchemexplorer/xchemexplorer.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
xenmine/xenmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
xmlget/xmlget.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
xmltext/xmltext.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
yank/yank.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
yeastmine/yeastmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
zebrafishmine/zebrafishmine.biotools.json:            "term": "Data management",
